enhanced documentation on adyen deployment on cloud infrastructure (#490)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: deployment-examples/gcp/README.md

## Continuous Deployment Guide

As a quick start, you can utilize the available bash script which is capable of deploying both modules to a 
Google Kubernetes Engine.

### Prerequisites:

- [gcloud sdk](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
- [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- An existing Kubernetes cluster in [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/quickstart)
- Configure both module specific configurations in yaml files that resides under `k8s` folders.
    Refer to [`extension/docs/HowToRun.md`](../../extension/docs/HowToRun.md) and [`notification/docs/HowToRun.md`](../../notification/docs/HowToRun.md) docs.
- Configure the below values in [`deploy-to-gcp.sh`](deploy-to-gcp.sh) file.
- Ensure the `secrets.yaml` files ([extension](extension/k8s/demo/secrets.yaml) and [notification](notification/k8s/demo/secrets.yaml)) have encrypted using the `GCLOUD_KMS_KEY_NAME` key.

> | Name | Description | Required |

Author: 9cf8aa6e0349e18546588f4f5c28754cf28240e4

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  
<!-- *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)* -->

> - [Continuous Deployment Guide](#continuous-deployment-guide)

Reviewer: same here.

Author: 41f888c3f1faf527e3e798aec08984fa7077d7e7

  - [Prerequisites:](#prerequisites)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Continuous Deployment Guide

As a quick start, you can utilize the available bash script which is capable of deploying both modules to a 

> public cloud provider.

Reviewer: it's not generic, so specify clearly that this guide only makes sense for GCP.

Author: e41146b384d6cb54e2b6dda625b946ffc8c92558

### Prerequisites:

- [gcloud sdk](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
- [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- An existing Kubernetes cluster in [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/quickstart)
- Configure both module specific configurations in yaml files that resides under `k8s` folders.

>     Refer to [`extension/docs/DeploymentGuide.md`](../../extension/docs/HowToRun.md) and [`notification/docs/DeploymentGuide.md`](../../notification/docs/HowToRun.md) docs.

Reviewer: Honestly, this is hard to get the problem in old documents, what was wrong in the old DeploymentGuide file :D even the contents are the same, why not just referencing the deployment examples in our docs?

I think it's not good to change file names as it's a breaking change for people who has the links :)

Author: >what was wrong in the old DeploymentGuide file 

We should not confuse the reader on executing the module in their machines vs. deploying the infrastructure for production usage. Therefore, I thought not to use "deployment" word in multiple places, rather gather all information required for deployment in one place.

>     Refer to [`extension/docs/DeploymentGuide.md`](../../extension/docs/HowToRun.md) and [`notification/docs/DeploymentGuide.md`](../../notification/docs/HowToRun.md) docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Refer to [`extension/docs/HowToRun.md`](../../extension/docs/HowToRun.md) and [`notification/docs/HowToRun.md`](../../notification/docs/HowToRun.md) docs.
```

Author: 3ddaaac940468fc2a91d40dbeca2216d3f8655b8

> |`GCLOUD_CLUSTER_NAME` | Existing Google Kubernetes Engine cluster name | YES | `adyen-demo` |

Reviewer: cluster name should not have a default value. can you check both table and readme table and make them consistent to each other.

Author: 34666127b77bfce2ee7c41aae6209b6ae1020131

Reviewer: Having hard to time to diff when multiple comments addressed in one commit, I will review from stratch.

|`GCLOUD_KMS_KEYRING` | Google KMS [key-ring](https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/resource-hierarchy#key_rings) which include the encrypted key for secret.yaml files | YES | `adyen-integration-deployment-demo` |
|`GCLOUD_KMS_KEY_NAME` | Google KMS key name which used to encrypt the secret.yaml files | YES | `adyen-extension-module` |

> |`TAG` | Indented [release version](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/releases) of commercetools-adyen-integration | YES | `x.x.x` |

Reviewer: If default is not set, maybe the column should be empty, x.x.x does not make sense :)

Author: 7b99608d9f183390cd9fa58ed29b25ba761c22df

> |`HELM_CHARTS_REPO` | Github repository URL for helm charts | NO | `https://github.com/commercetools/k8s-charts.git` |

Reviewer: HELM_CHARTS_REPO can not be changed, so maybe remove it from here? also, it's not an env variable imo :)

Author: 34666127b77bfce2ee7c41aae6209b6ae1020131

> |`HELM_CHARTS_VERSION` | Intended release version of the helm charts repository | YES | `1.7.5` |

Reviewer: This is not a default in the script.

Author: 3c1ef8332db859f41467b4c5f390e70e35314f80

|`ENVIRONMENT_NAME` | Folder name that contains secrets.yaml file in `extension/k8s` and `notification/k8s` | YES | `demo` |

> After configured all the required values, execute the [`deploy-to-gcp.sh`](deploy-to-gcp.sh) script file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configured all the required environment variables, execute the [`deploy-to-gcp.sh`](deploy-to-gcp.sh) script file.
```

Author: b3dcb6d4f7eda17c78d53582cc84983c9d35eec1

> ```

Reviewer: would you put the EXPORT statements for variables here to make it clear visually ( also could save time for the devs who would run the script) for the env variables? the table is something for descriptions imo :)

Author: 655af40a18f0b6b367f0a5011691acb3afbcb347

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is what I meant.

Author: fb884884da655d3f3dbd37070c836f9fa3449d5d
